Okay,
guys.
And welcome back the American State capitals Now.
I mentioned earlier that I keep all my American state capitals in the bar from cheers.
So unless you have an overwhelming desire to memorize these in a specific order,
there's no need to use a journey.
You may want to read the group them all together in one locations.
I did,
or you could just link off the name and have them anywhere.
It's entirely up to you.
I'm mindful that there are 50 to memorize here,
so I don't want to give you a lecture that is two hours long,
so we'll just concentrate on the 1st 10 A full list is available as a downloadable resource
so you can pick up the other 40 at your leisure.
Now again,
we're going to use our knees and create a link from one thing to another.
Simple,
possibly the easiest to commit to memories.
The state of Mississippi.
Whose capital is Jackson?
Okay,
we're going to do 11 and not 10.
Now.
I'm sure you can come up with an image for the Mississippi,
perhaps the river or one of those old steamboats.
Personally,
I use the river and Jackson.
Who else?
Other than the king of pop himself,
Michael Jackson?
I just have Michael Jackson moonwalking across the Mississippi.
This is all so cheesy stuff when you know how.
Right?
Okay,
so here the 1st 10 in alphabetical order.
Alabama,
Montgomery,
Alaska.
Do you know Arizona?
Phoenix,
Arkansas,
Little Rock,
California Sacramento,
Colorado,
Denver,
Connecticut's Hartford,
Delaware.
Dover,
Florida Tallahassee,
Georgia Atlanta Okay,
got them for completeness.
Here's how I remember them.
Alabama Montgomery.
I have my friend Monty playing a banjo on his knee,
like in the song Alaska Juneau.
I have an Alaskan malamute,
a really big dog pulling my old friend June around the bar.
That's the Chairs bar,
Remember,
they're for Arizona,
Phoenix,
Arizona.
This may not work for you,
but I'm a huge and I mean huge fan of Elvis Presley.
And in the song Little Egypt,
he sings.
She had a picture of a cowboy tattooed on a spine,
said Phoenix,
Arizona,
Arkansas Little Rock.
I have an Ark.
Noah's style filled with little rocks.
California,
Sacramento.
I have a surfboard,
which I associate with California,
but each surfer also has a sack of potatoes on their with them Sakho.
Taito gets me to Sacramento,
Colorado,
Denver.
This is for the older people.
I have Mork from Mork and Mindy,
which was set in Boulder,
Colorado,
talking to John Denver,
now Connecticut Hartford.
I have Jonathan Hart,
Robert Wagner from Heart Art and Harrison Ford.
That's where I get my heart.
Ford playing Connect.
Four.
Delaware Dover.
I have Tupperware plastic containers big in the UK in the seventies and eighties,
dropping off the white cliffs of Dover.
There are small version being in the chairs bar and all Florida Tallahassee.
I have Mickey MEPs,
Disneyland Florida Sing in Tallahassee,
Lassie,
another old Freddy Cannon Rock and Roll classic.
And finally,
Georgia Atlanta.
I have the late,
great Rachel's.
He sang Georgia wearing a hat with dear antlerless hat.
Antler gets me to Atlanta.
Okay,
so you see how easy that Waas they will take a look at some of the European capitals.
I'll see you in the next lecture